update documentation on self-hosted psql timezone management (#35801)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/postgres/configuration.mdx

> Every Supabase database is set to UTC timezone by default. We strongly recommend keeping it this way, even if your users are in a different location.
> This is because it makes it much easier to calculate differences between timezones if you adopt the mental model that everything in your database is in UTC time.
> 
> **Warning:** if you are self-hosting PostgreSQL, default timezone will be set to your local timezone. We recommend changing to UTC, see the [Change timezone](/docs/guides/database/postgres/configuration#change-timezone) section on how to change this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every hosted Supabase database is set to UTC timezone by default. We strongly recommend keeping it this way, even if your users are in a different location. This is because it makes it much easier to calculate differences between timezones if you adopt the mental model that everything in your database is in UTC time.

<Admonition type="tip">

On self-hosted databases, the timezone defaults to your local timezone. We recommend [changing this to UTC](/docs/guides/database/postgres/configuration#change-timezone) for the same reasons.

</Admonition>
```
